All right welcome back I'm a student so I'm just seeing a little booboo here.
But that's OK.
On this lecture by the way we are going to be actually creating the own approved and approved by in
the lead of all that.
And we're going to try to get this done in this lecture.
All right.
So if you have things to do make sure that you plan them for 10 or 15 minutes after because this video
is going to take all these lectures is going to take a couple of minutes to do OK.
All right cool.
Let's get it done.
Let's go to that comment.
We are actually there.
And this is functionality right here.
So right at the end we can date if we want later on but I want some space for this or approve or not
approve by ends here.
And this is where I'm going to do it.
All right.
OK.
So we have the comment.
We have to do is create some type of a condition here and say if that coming is active.
All right.
That means we have to walk.
If he's active we can approve it but we say end if here first.
All right.
But actually we just have to make sure it's like this here
.
All right.
Let's create a form real quick.
Actually we don't have to create it from scratch.
We go.
And this is going to go to those comments controller and that post his post.
I remember that now.
And we're going to take this to the update method
and we are going to be needing an array here.
So let's just put that right away.
OK.
Let's enclose that in the curly brackets.
I mean square brackets and let's change the method to patch.
And we're not going to be sending a tie.
We're not going to be sending anything except
some type of input hitting input.
All right.
We're of value.
So is active
and the value.
So if it's active We're going to make sure there is not that we send a on a pool of value.
And that would be zero.
All right.
We could do an else statement here real quick
and we can just copy this form right here.
But let's just make sure that we say something like on a pool
something like that.
And
that looks good there.
This one the value would be one.
Let's check it to see if it works.
All right.
Folks enter as you can see as on the proof here.
And this was cute says cripple's.
We've got to make sure that these answers are approved for something
proof.
All right.
Why don't we check the caller on this right.
This will be green.
This was actually red or something my dad.
So no proof
or proof.
Yeah I agree and there's no proof Green.
Actually you guys can make it any color you want.
I'm just suggesting here and this one is just going to make a weird color of Imphal.
All right there we go.
I didn't realize that it was good.
Right.
Let's create the lead form to
copy that.
And that's going to be right below here
is our the lead
destroy actually.
Whoops.
So many frameworks so many different names and that's for that.
The lead makes sure there is danger here.
Cool.
Starting to look a little better.
All right we have a couple of more things to do.
We're going to finish a controllers in the next lecture of the controller and the lead or destroy the
of the metal end of the short method and the next lecture.
Take care guys as being a pleasure See you in the next lecture.